1. I think the yours It Company is a great organisation, I admire their ethical stance and I was very impressed when they had no issues over horse meat. That’s the sort of company I’d like to be in. I know you need staff who can work shifts, who are good with customers and who will make sure that the shelves are kept stocked and tidy. I really enjoy working with new It project, helping them find things, explaining the difference between  new program products and I hate untidy tasks. It’s really important to me to be polite and friendly, when I worked in My project I tried to get every customer to smile before they left!  It has been a while since I have done developing  work but I don’t think you lose the passion to please the customer and make sure they always come back – I haven’t.
2. IT is amenable to "flextime" workers and telecommuting. It's also relaxed about the working hours. IT pros may work a few more hours than the average worker, but that extra time is traded off with some flexibility in when they put in those hours. Indeed, much of IT work occurs after business hours, and there is an unwritten rule in most shops that the workers who do a lot of nighttime/weekend work get some slack on clock-in, clock-out, and lunch times. Most other professions seem to be stuck on 8:00 to 5:00, with a one-hour lunch. If you like a flexible schedule, or prefer to not be in the office on a periodic (or even ad hoc) basis, IT is a great industry to be in. In fact, IT is so flexible, it's quite possible to run a business you're your home, dorm room, or garage. Just look at Apple and Dell!
    Most IT work jobs are cyclical. They all have a different rhythm, but it is there. They go from being insane, 40-hour-a-week jobs for two months at the end of the project to "in-the-office vacations" at other times in the project cycle. Some IT pros get the constant rush like in any other profession, but most of us get a pace that swings between insanely busy and snoozefest. This keeps the job from getting boring. The caveat here is that some employees are stuck in high gear with few pauses, which leads to burnout. But I would rather fight being overworked than struggle with having nothing to do.