I use only popular programming language Java&PHP.Because off:
Java Is famous:
Java is top pick as one of the most popular programming languages, used for building server-side applications to video games and mobile apps. It's also the core foundation for developing Android apps, making it a favorite of many programmers. With its WORA mantra (write once, run anywhere), it's designed to be portable and run happily across multiple software platforms. I first got started with Java server programming back in 1999--it was so exciting, I actually wrote a few books about it. Java is everybody's pal!
PHP
PHP Is famous:
PHP (which stands for Hypertext Preprocessor, if you care to know) is often used in conjunction with dynamic data-heavy websites and app development. It provides a ton of power and is the beating heart of monster sites like WordPress and Facebook. What's really cool about PHP is that it's an open-source language, so there are tons of free pre-built modules that you can grab and modify to get your ideal results. PHP is also on the easy end of the learning spectrum, simply requiring you to embed the code within HTML. PHP is a must-learn language for aspiring web developers.
2.I use Yii framework.Because off-like most PHP frameworks, , Yii implements the MVC (Model-View-Controller) architectural pattern and promotes code organization based on that pattern.
Yii takes the philosophy that code should be written in a simple yet elegant way. Yii will never try to over-design things mainly for the purpose of strictly following some design pattern.
Yii is a full-stack framework providing many proven and ready-to-use features: query builders and ActiveRecord for both relational and NoSQL databases; RESTful API development support; multi-tier caching support; and more.
Yii is extremely extensible. You can customize or replace nearly every piece of the core's code. You can also take advantage of Yii's solid extension architecture to use or develop redistributable extensions.
High performance is always a primary goal of Yii.
